README.md, before:

# Naveen DA - Portfolio

Welcome to my portfolio website! This is a showcase of my work as a Machine Learning Engineer, featuring interactive AI demonstrations and projects.

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live portfolio at: [https://naveenda.github.io](https://naveenda.github.io)

## 🎮 Interactive AI Projects

### 1. Snake AI with NEAT and Q-Learning
- Classic Snake game implementation with AI
- Uses NEAT (NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies) and Q-Learning algorithms
- Watch the AI learn and improve its gameplay through reinforcement learning
- [Try it here](https://naveenda.github.io/games/snake-ai)

### 2. Flappy Bird AI with NEAT
- Flappy Bird game with AI implementation
- Uses NEAT algorithm for neural network evolution
- Demonstrates natural selection and adaptation in AI
- [Try it here](https://naveenda.github.io/games/flappy-bird-ai)

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Frontend Framework**: Next.js 15
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **AI Libraries**: 
  - NEAT (NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies)
  - Q-Learning implementation
- **Game Development**: 
  - Phaser.js
  - Matter.js for physics
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **Type Safety**: TypeScript

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS version)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/naveenda/portfoilio.git
cd portfoilio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🏗️ Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤝 Contact

- GitHub: [@naveenda](https://github.com/naveenda)
- Twitter: [@naveenda_](https://twitter.com/naveenda_)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- NEAT algorithm implementation inspired by [neataptic](https://github.com/wagenaartje/neataptic)
- Game assets and inspiration from classic games
- Next.js team for the amazing framework

Commit message:

feat: Update portfolio links and enhance project descriptions
Changed the live demo URL in the README and layout files to reflect the new domain. Updated project descriptions and added a new project, "Longplayer," to showcase generative sound capabilities. Enhanced the header and blog components for improved responsiveness and visual appeal.

README.md, after:

# Naveen DA - Portfolio

Welcome to my portfolio website! This is a showcase of my work as a Machine Learning Engineer, featuring interactive AI demonstrations and projects.

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live portfolio at: [https://naveenda.live](https://naveenda.live)

## 🎮 Interactive AI Projects

### 1. Snake AI with NEAT and Q-Learning
- Classic Snake game implementation with AI
- Uses NEAT (NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies) and Q-Learning algorithms
- Watch the AI learn and improve its gameplay through reinforcement learning
- [Try it here](https://naveenda.live/games/snake-ai)

### 2. Flappy Bird AI with NEAT
- Flappy Bird game with AI implementation
- Uses NEAT algorithm for neural network evolution
- Demonstrates natural selection and adaptation in AI
- [Try it here](https://naveenda.live/games/flappy-bird-ai)

### 3. Longplayer Simulation
- A simulation of Longplayer, a generative composition built from six short recordings of Tibetan singing bowls. For 1000 years, it will play without repetition.
- [Try it here](https://naveenda.live/tools/longplayer)

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Frontend Framework**: Next.js 15
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **AI Libraries**: 
  - NEAT (NeuroEvolution of Augmenting Topologies)
  - Q-Learning implementation
- **Game Development**: 
  - Phaser.js
  - Matter.js for physics
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **Type Safety**: TypeScript

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS version)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/naveenda/portfoilio.git
cd portfoilio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🏗️ Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤝 Contact

- GitHub: [@naveenda](https://github.com/naveenda)
- Twitter: [@naveenda_](https://twitter.com/naveenda_)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- NEAT algorithm implementation inspired by [neataptic](https://github.com/wagenaartje/neataptic)
- Game assets and inspiration from classic games
- Next.js team for the amazing framework
